docs/cdn.md, before:

# CDN Project

## Description

The CDN hosts the JavaScript snippet that websites integrate to collect performance data from users.

## Functional Requirements

- Track metrics including Core Web Vitals (LCP, FID, CLS), TTFB, TTI, INP, DOM timings, and page load metrics.
- Collect session and pageview attributes for comprehensive performance insights.
- Data batching for efficient, reliable delivery to the API without data loss.

## Structure

- `snippet.js`: Core JavaScript snippet file.

## Best Practices

- Optimize snippet performance and size.
- Batch API requests efficiently (e.g., using FetchLater).

## Deployment

- Deployed via Vercel CDN for global availability.

## Batching & Deferred Sending

NoxaSense uses a modern batching approach to ensure reliable data delivery with minimal impact on performance. The snippet:

- Collects both session and pageview data into a local in-memory queue.
- Defers sending using `navigator.fetchLater()` if available.
- Falls back to `navigator.sendBeacon()` or `fetch(..., { keepalive: true })`.
- Automatically triggers sending on `visibilitychange` and `pagehide` events to ensure data is not lost.

Commit message:

Enhance API documentation with new endpoint for tracking sessions and pageviews, update database schema to include applications table and relationships, and improve CDN deployment instructions. Added sample server code and environment variable setup for better implementation guidance.

docs/cdn.md, after:

# CDN Project

## Description

The CDN hosts the JavaScript snippet that websites integrate to collect performance data from users.

## Functional Requirements

- Track metrics including Core Web Vitals (LCP, FID, CLS), TTFB, TTI, INP, DOM timings, and page load metrics.
- Collect session and pageview attributes for comprehensive performance insights.
- Include application-level association via `application_id`.
- Data batching for efficient, reliable delivery to the API without data loss.

## Structure

- `snippet.js`: Core JavaScript snippet file, hosted in `public/`.

## Batching & Deferred Sending

NoxaSense uses a modern batching approach to ensure reliable data delivery with minimal impact on performance. The snippet:

- Collects both session and pageview data into a local in-memory queue.
- Defers sending using `navigator.fetchLater()` if available.
- Falls back to `navigator.sendBeacon()` or `fetch(..., { keepalive: true })`.
- Automatically triggers sending on `visibilitychange` and `pagehide` events to ensure data is not lost.

## Deployment

- Deployed via Vercel CDN for global availability.
- Can be referenced by client sites via:

```html
<script src="https://your-vercel-cdn-url.vercel.app/snippet.js" async></script>
```
